In discrete mathematics, there are several operators that are used to manipulate statements and equations. These include: 
- 1. Negation (¬): This operator is used to reverse the truth value of a statement, so that a statement that is true becomes false, and a statement that is false becomes true. For example, if the statement "It is raining" is true, then the negation of this statement would be "It is not raining".
- 2. Implication (→): This operator is used to indicate that one statement implies another statement, so that if the first statement is true, then the second statement must also be true. For example, if the statement "If it is raining, then the ground is wet" is true, then the implication of this statement would be "If the ground is wet, then it is raining". 
- 3. Conjunction (∧): This operator is used to combine two statements into one statement, so that both statements must be true for the combined statement to be true. For example, if the statements "It is raining" and "The ground is wet" are both true, then the conjunction of these two statements would be "It is raining and the ground is wet".
- 4. Disjunction (∨): This operator is used to combine two statements into one statement, so that either statement can be true for the combined statement to be true. For example, if the statements "It is raining" and "The ground is dry" are both true, then the disjunction of these two statements would be "It is raining or the ground is dry". 
- 5. Equivalence (≡): This operator is used to indicate that two statements are logically equivalent, so that if one statement is true, then the other statement must also be true. For example, if the statement "It is raining" is true, then the equivalence of this statement would be "The ground is wet".